

YOUR IMPACT

As a Tech Risk Engineer, you will create targeted solutions to solve thematic control gaps across the firm. You will be part of a team of security, software, and data engineers that identify and curate technology data, provide technology solutions in the threat management space, and drive real-time response processes to meet regulatory and management requirements. You will build exciting, novel solutions and identify gaps to bridge platforms across Core Engineering and interact with areas as diverse as Networking, SDLC, and Entitlements, to name a few.

HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL

You will operate in an established architecture and leverage existing patterns but also come up with new ones that help in automating and increasing the efficiency of existing systems, as well as collaborate with the Advisory and Regulatory Controls teams to develop new applications. You'll also join a highly motivated and technically savvy team of engineers with a diverse skillset and be a crucial role designing and building within a microservices architecture.


BASIC QUALIFICATIONS 

3+ years Java development 
Proficiency in Object Oriented design and analysis and understanding of SDLC
Solid understanding of core Java concepts, common APIs and design patterns
Hands-on test-driven development with testing frameworks such as Junit
Motivated and self-directed
Communication and interpersonal skills
Demonstrable history of successful project delivery
Leading a team of developers and helping to define a roadmap
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Experience of using Java libraries: Spring; JUnit, Mockito; Jackson
RDBMS experience: SQL programming; DB2; Sybase; Snowflake; DynamoDB
NoSQL Databases: Elastic Search, MongoDB
Web services development: RESTful APIs; Swagger; Jersey
Web UI development: ReactJS, Javascript; CSS; 
 
#TechRiskCybersecurity

 

ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital, and ideas to help our clients, shareholders, and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities, and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. 

We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers. 

We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html

© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2024. All rights reserved.


Goldman Sachs is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veterans status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
